feat: Adds the first example of ArgoCD GitOps Bridge using v5 addon modules (#1776)
aws-ia/terraform-aws-eks-blueprints: patterns/gitops/getting-started-argocd/README.md

kubectl get -n game-2048 deployments,service,ep,ingress
```
The expected output should look like the following:
```text
NAME                        READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/game-2048   1/1     1            1           7h59m

NAME                TYPE        CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)   AGE
service/game-2048   ClusterIP   172.20.155.47   <none>        80/TCP    7h59m

NAME                  ENDPOINTS       AGE
endpoints/game-2048   10.0.13.64:80   7h59m

NAME                CLASS   HOSTS   ADDRESS                              PORTS   AGE
ingress/game-2048   alb     *       k8s-<>.us-west-2.elb.amazonaws.com   80      7h59m
```

Wait until and event for ingress `game-2048` contains `Successfully reconciled`. Crl+C to exit the `watch` command
```shell
kubectl events -n game-2048 --for ingress/game-2048 --watch
```

### Access the Application using AWS Load Balancer
Verify the application endpoint health using `wget`:
```shell
kubectl exec -n game-2048 deploy/game-2048 -- \
wget -S --spider $(kubectl get -n game-2048 ingress game-2048 -o jsonpath='{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[0].hostname}')
```
The output should contain `HTTP/1.1 200 OK`.

> Retrieve the ingress URL:

Reviewer: Retrieve the ingress URL to access the application in your local web browser.

Wait until all the ArgoCD applications' `HEALTH STATUS` is `Healthy`.
Use `Ctrl+C` or `Cmd+C` to exit the `watch` command. ArgoCD Applications
can take a couple of minutes in order to achieve the Healthy status.
```shell
watch kubectl get -n argocd applications workloads
```
The expected output should look like the following:
```text
NAME        SYNC STATUS   HEALTH STATUS
workloads   Synced        Healthy
```

### Verify the Application
Verify that the application configuration is present and the pod is running:
```shell
kubectl get -n game-2048 deployments,service,ep,ingress
```
The expected output should look like the following:
```text
NAME                        READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/game-2048   1/1     1            1           7h59m

NAME                TYPE        CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)   AGE
service/game-2048   ClusterIP   172.20.155.47   <none>        80/TCP    7h59m

NAME                  ENDPOINTS       AGE
endpoints/game-2048   10.0.13.64:80   7h59m

NAME                CLASS   HOSTS   ADDRESS                              PORTS   AGE
ingress/game-2048   alb     *       k8s-<>.us-west-2.elb.amazonaws.com   80      7h59m
```

> Wait until and event for ingress `game-2048` contains `Successfully reconciled`.
> Use the Crl+C to exit the `watch` command. AWS Load Balancer can take a couple of
> minutes in order to be created.
> Hit Ctrl+C or Cmd+C to exit the watch command.

Reviewer: I think the Ctrl+C thing got duplicated.

```suggestion
AWS Load Balancer can take a couple of minutes in order to be created.

Run the following command and wait until and event for ingress `game-2048` contains `Successfully reconciled`.
Use `Ctrl+C` or `Cmd+C`to exit the `watch` command. 
```
